Add new INFO evicted_scripts field and eval scripts eviction (#2686)
redis/redis-doc: commands/eval.md

The script **should only** access keys whose names are given as input arguments.
Scripts **should never** access keys with programmatically-generated names or based on the contents of data structures stored in the database.

**Important:**
in some cases, users will abuse Lua EVAL by embedding values in the script instead of providing them as argument, and thus generating a different script on each call to EVAL.
These are added to the Lua interpreter and cached to redis-server, consuming a large amount of memory over time.

> Starting from Redis 8.0, scripts loaded with `EVAL` will be deleted from redis after a certain number (least recently used order).

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from Redis 8.0, scripts loaded with `EVAL` or `EVAL_RO` will be deleted from redis after a certain number (least recently used order).
```

The script **should only** access keys whose names are given as input arguments.
Scripts **should never** access keys with programmatically-generated names or based on the contents of data structures stored in the database.

**Important:**

> in some cases, users will abuse lua eval.
> Each `EVAL` call generates a new lua script, which is added to the lua interpreter and cached to redis-server, consuming a large amount of memory over time.
> Since `EVAL` is mostly the one that abuses the lua cache, and these won't have pipeline issues (i.e. the script won't disappear unexpectedly, and cause errors like it would with `SCRIPT LOAD` and `EVALSHA`), we implement a plain FIFO LRU eviction only for these (not for scripts loaded with `SCRIPT LOAD`).
> Starting from Redis 8.0, `EVAL` SCRIPTS will maintain an LRU list of length 500, when the number exceeds the limit, the oldest `EVAL` script will be evicted.
> The number of evicted scripts can be viewed through `INFO`'s `evicted_scripts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in some cases, users will abuse Lua EVAL by embedding values in the script instead of providing them as argument, and thus generating a different script on each call to EVAL.
These are added to the Lua interpreter and cached to redis-server, consuming a large amount of memory over time.
Starting from Redis 8.0, scripts loaded with `EVAL` will be deleted from redis after a certain number (least recently used order).
The number of evicted scripts can be viewed through `INFO`'s `evicted_scripts`.
```
